  From a cold start, existing project and material details must be loaded from a file. When the
  system is shut-down, the data needs to be stored persistently.

  Project and Material Creation function – this must allow the addition of new projects and
  materials to the database (file) with the following rules:
	The system must not allow to add new materials to projects that are “unreleased” or “now
	playing”.
	
	Only for those projects being created with a “now playing” status, the system should allow
	to add a set of weekly box office figures during creation.
	
	The system should allow the creation of more than one project with the same name.


The new projects and materials do not to be written directly to the file every time you add a
new one. They can be inserted into a data structure (where you currently handle your existing
projects/materials) and just make the save to the file during system shut-down.

  Existing Projects and Materials Update/Removal – the system must allow for any changes in
  the existing projects and materials following the business rules stated previously. The deletion
  of an existing project should remove all the material information associated with it.

  Catalogue browsing – must allow bi-directional sequential browsing of all projects; shall
  allow interactive project and materials search with the following rules:
	A search by project title will allow the user to see main project detail information as well
	as summarised information of materials (e.g. “is currently available on DVD and VHS”).

	Provide the user with the option to view the materials details when searching by project
	title. When displaying double-sided DVDs, the view should show details of the contents
	per side. The same with combo box sets, the view should display details of every DVD
	in the combo box (single and double-sided DVDs).
	
	A search by actor should return all project titles where that actor was part of the cast. The
	system may allow more flexible search with multiple fields. For example, search only
	for all the double-sided DVDs available of a specific project title.

  Maintenance Mode – a number of Utility functions which can either be integrated or run as
  command line applications, to:
	Add/remove projects and materials to the database.

	Raise daily reports on (may use Logger class)
		New projects/materials added
		Projects with certain amount of total box office earnings